feat(variable): refactor ModelOutputDataset to store full variable metadata (#37)
submarine-mrv/oae-data-protocol: src/docs/files/Variables/index.md

- `calculation_method_and_parameters` — software, input variables, constants used

## Model Output Variables

Variables in a [ModelOutputDataset](../ModelOutputDataset.md) are described by a single class,
[ModelOutputVariable](../ModelOutputVariable.md), which sits directly under `Variable` — a sibling of

> [FieldVariable](../FieldVariable.md) rather than a descendant of it. `ModelOutputVariable`s carry none of the

Author: ```suggestion
[ModelOutputVariable](../ModelOutputVariable.md), which sits directly under `Variable` as a sibling of
[FieldVariable](../FieldVariable.md). `ModelOutputVariable`s carry none of the
```
